Fix issue with dynamic routes in complex projects using workerd (#16720)
withastro/astro: .changeset/lazy-jeans-brake.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Fix an issue where dynamic routes in complex projects return the string [object Object] instead of the expected content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue where dynamic routes would return the string `[object Object]` instead of the expected content, in certain runtimes.
```
